My Consumable Tracker User Manual:

When application is run, the user is shown a large title, 4 buttons (Display all, expired, non-expired, expiring in 7 days), one large scroll pane
which displays the current items inside, if there are none they are shown "No items to display", a button to add an item, and remove an item. When the
user clicks on the add item button, they are prompted with a dialog which allows them to add an item. It contains fields and labels and two additional
buttons create item and return. They can not leave any field other than notes empty, if they do and try to create item they are prompting with an alert
dialog using joptionpane prompting them to enter in the value. If the user decides they do not want to add an item, they can click the return button
which will send them back to the main screen. If they enter in all the information and click create, their newly made item will be created and added
to the arraylist which will be displayed onto the scroll pane. If the user clicks on the remove button, they are shown the items which are in the list,
and they can choose which one they want to delete by typing in the index of the item. If they enter an invalid index an alert dialog pops up prompting
them to choose a correct index. If the index is valid the item is removed and the main screen gets updated showing the correct amount of items. If the
user does not want to remove an item they can click the return button which will send them back to the main screen. The user then has more options
of buttons to choose from on the main screen. Once they are clicked they either show the expired, non-expired, or items expiring in 7 days. If none of
these exist then the user is shown a message saying no items "expiring, or are not expired or expiring in 7 days". If the user wants to exit the
application, they can click the x button on the main frame, they are then prompted with a dialog asking if they want to exit and save the items stored.
If they click yes the program exits and saves,if they click no, the program goes does not close.
